Add release notes for nodejs agent 0.5.1 (#473)
apache/skywalking-website: content/events/release-apache-skywalking-nodejs-0-5-1/index.md

---
title: "Release Apache SkyWalking for NodeJS 0.5.1"
date: 2022-07-18
author: SkyWalking Team
description: "Release Apache SkyWalking NodeJS 0.5.1."
---

SkyWalking NodeJS 0.5.1 is released. Go to [downloads](/downloads) page to find release tars.

SkyWalking NodeJS 0.5.1 is a patch release that fixed a vulnerability in all previous
versions <=0.5.0, we recommend all users who are using versions <=0.5.0 should upgrade to this version.

The vulnerability will cause NodeJS services that has this agent installed to be unavailable

> if the OAP is unhealthy and NodeJS agent can't establish the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the OAP is unhealthy and the downstream service's agent can't establish the connection.
```

I think this is the key?

> if the OAP is unhealthy and the downstream service's agent can't establish the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the header includes an illegal SkyWalking header, such as 
(1) OAP is unhealthy and the downstream service's agent can't establish the connection.
(2) Some sampling mechanism is activated.
```
